It is greater than God and more evil than the devil. The poor have it, the rich need it and if you eat it you’ll die. What is it?
Nothing
It walks on four legs in the morning, two legs at noon and three legs in the evening. What is it?
Man
I am the beginning of the end, and the end of time and space. I am essential to creation, and I surround every place. What am I?
The letter e. End, timE, spacE, Every placE
What always runs but never walks, often murmurs, never talks, has a bed but never sleeps, has a mouth but never eats?
river
I never was, am always to be. No one ever saw me, nor ever will. And yet I am the confidence of all, To live and breath on this terrestrial ball. What am I?
the future
At night they come without being fetched. By day they are lost without being stolen. What are they?
The stars
What is in seasons, seconds, centuries and minutes but not in decades, years or days?
The letter ‘n’
The one who makes it, sells it. The one who buys it, never uses it. The one that uses it never knows that he’s using it. What is it?
coffin
The more you have of it, the less you see. What is it?
Darkness
What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs?
penny
What English word has three consecutive double letters?
Bookkeeper
What’s black when you get it, red when you use it, and white when you’re all through with it?
Charcoal
You throw away the outside and cook the inside. Then you eat the outside and throw away the inside. What did you eat?
An ear of corn
I am always hungry,I must always be fed,The finger I touch,Will soon turn red. What am I?
Fire
Ripped from my mother’s womb,Beaten and burned,I become a blood thirsty killer. What am I?
Iron ore
I know a word of letters three. Add two, and fewer there will be! What am I?
Few
I give you a group of three. One is sitting down, and will never get up. The second eats as much as is given to him, yet is always hungry. The third goes away and never returns.
Stove, fire, smoke
Half-way up the hill, I see thee at last, lying beneath me with thy sounds and sights — A city in the twilight, dim and vast, with smoking roofs, soft bells, and gleaming lights.
The past
When young, I am sweet in the sun. When middle-aged, I make you gay. When old, I am valued more than ever. What am I?
Wine
All about, but cannot be seen, Can be captured, cannot be held, No throat, but can be heard. What am I?
Wind
If you break me I do not stop working, If you touch me I may be snared, If you lose me Nothing will matter. What am I?
Your heart
Until I am measured I am not known, Yet how you miss me when I have flown. Time I drive men mad For love of me, Easily beaten, Never free. What am I?
Gold
When set loose I fly away, Never so cursed As when I go astray. What am I?
fart
Lighter than what I am made of, More of me is hidden Than is seen. What am I?
Iceberg
Each morning I appear to lie at your feet, All day I will follow no matter how fast you run, Yet I nearly perish in the midday sun. What am I?
Shadow
My life can be measured in hours, I serve by being devoured. Thin, I am quick Fat, I am slow Wind is my foe. What am I?
candle
I am seen in the water if seen in the sky, I am in the rainbow, a jay’s feather,and lapis lazuli. What am I?
Blue
Glittering points that downward thrust, Sparkling spears that never rust. What am I?
Icicle
You heard me before, yet you hear me again, Then I die, ’till you call me again. What am I?
An echo
Three lives have I. Gentle enough to soothe the skin, Light enough to caress the sky, Hard enough to crack rocks. What am I?
Water
At the sound of me, men may dream or stamp their feet, At the sound of me, women may laugh or sometimes weep. What am I?
Music
I build up castles. I tear down mountains. I make some men blind, I help others to see. What am I?
Sand
Two in a corner, 1 in a room, 0 in a house, but 1 in a shelter. What am I?
The letter r
Five hundred begins it, five hundred ends it, Five in the middle is seen; First of all figures, the first of all letters, Take up their stations between. Join all together, and then you will bring Before you the name of an eminent king.
DAVID (Roman numerals)
It cannot be seen, it weighs nothing, but when put into a barrel, it makes it lighter. What is it?
hole
How far will a blind dog walk into a forest? Halfway. After he gets halfway, he’s walking out of the forest. What happens when you throw a yellow rock into a purple stream? It makes a splash. What starts with a T, ends with a T, and has T in it?
teapot
As I went over London Bridge I met my sister Jenny, I broke her neck and drank her blood and left her standing empty. What am I?
bottle of gin
Whoever makes it, tells it not. Whoever takes it, knows it not. Whoever knows it, wants it not. Who am I?
Counterfeit money
I am, in truth, a yellow fork from tables in the sky, By inadvertent fingers dropped the awful cutlery. Of mansions never quite disclosed and never quite concealed The apparatus of the dark to ignorance revealed. Who am I?
Lightning
You saw me where I never was and where I could not be. And yet within that very place, my face you often see. What am I?
reflection
A box without hinges, lock or key, yet golden treasure lies within. What is it?
egg
Forward I’m heavy, but backwards I’m not. What am I?
Ton
I can be long, or I can be short. I can be grown, and I can be bought. I can be painted, or left bare. I can be round, or square. What am I?
fingernail
Feed me and I live, give me drink and I die. What am I?
Fire
What begins and has no end? What is the ending of all that begins?
death
What makes a loud noise when changing its jacket, becomes larger but weighs less?
Popcorn
The more you take, the more you leave behind. What am I?
Footsteps
I am a word of 5 letters and people eat me. If you remove the first letter I become a form of energy. Remove the first two and I’m needed to live. Scramble the last 3 and you can drink me. What am I?
Wheat
Until I am measured I am not known, Yet how you miss me When I have flown. What am I?
Time
Alive without breath, As cold as death, Never thirsty, Ever drinking, Clad in mail, Never clinking, Drowns on dry land, Thinks an island, Is a mountain, Thinks a fountain, Is a puff of air.  What am I?
fish
The cost of making only the maker knows, Valueless if bought, but sometimes traded. A poor man may give one as easily as a king. When one is broken pain and deceit are assured.  What am I?
Promise
Who makes it, has no need of it. Who buys it, has no use for it. Who uses it can neither see nor feel it.  What am I?
coffin
I build up castles. I tear down mountains. I make some men blind, I help others to see. What am I?
Sand
Die without me, Never thank me. Walk right through me, never feel me. Always watching, never speaking. Always lurking, never seen.  What am I?
Air
Pregnant every time you see her, yet she never will give birth.  What am I?
Full moon
I go around in circles, But always straight ahead Never complain, No matter where I am led. What am I?
Wheel
